Previously on "secrets and lies"...
- You look well.
- I stopped using.
- Is your father home?
- Nope.
Why would you leave her alone?
She could relapse.
I don't have anything
from 7:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m.
Someone erased everything.
She was blonde and had a lot
of makeup and high heels.
Kate caught Neil having sex
with someone in his office.
It was Melanie.
It's his daughter, man!
He's gonna hurt you.
Y-your daughter was just there.
Carly's a call girl.
Someone set up an account
without authorization?
I'm trying to find out.
You set up an account
so you could siphon
money from this firm!
- That's insane!
- Here's the opening paperwork.
- Leave a message.
- Patrick, it's me again. Call me back.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I get it. You're angry.
But cutting off communications
isn't gonna help.
Neither is leaving the company in
crisis a week after my wife died,
but that's what you do...
You... you leave.
Well, I'm here now.
And I understand you
resolved the crisis.
May I come in?
I put you in a tight spot.
I shouldn't have.
You told me to obey you.
I made a call you didn't like.
No, you insulted my wife.
I questioned one of her decisions.
You don't talk to a man about his wife!
I never said a word to you about yours.
I didn't get the respect
that I gave you,
the respect that I earned
raising your family!
I had to travel when you kids were
young. I was growing the business.
Dad, do you have any idea what it
was like for us while you were away?
Or... or were you just so blinded
by this unconditional love
for that... that woman?
Don't talk about your mother.
No, Dad, she was an abusive drunk.
She was cruel, and we
were all scared of her!
She's not here anymore, is she?
It's the... It's the past.
The past?
Why do you think Patrick drinks?
Because alcoholism is genetic.
And Patrick always
takes the easy way out.
Maybe that's genetic, too.
We were in trouble, and you bailed.
Mm.
Sounds pretty easy to me.
Well, I'm sorry you feel that way.
I suggest you get over it.
I'll see you back at the office.
Synced and corrected by johnyd13
~ www.addic7ed.com ~
- Did you bring her in?
- Yeah.
Good.
- Well, let's get started.
- She's already being questioned.
By who?
Can you confirm that this is what you
were wearing the night Kate Warner died?
It is.
Got this little number on
my last trip to New York.
It was a girls' weekend.
Mm.
- Well, I'm gonna need it.
- Why?
We're asking all key witnesses to hand
over the clothes they were wearing
the night your
sister-in-law was murdered.
Okay, fine.
I guess it's a good thing
I'm not wearing it now.
Let's walk through the night
in question, shall we?
I don't know why he's
taking our interrogation.
He's doing well.
Around 9:30, the night of the party,
about three hours of
security footage was erased.
Well, that must make things difficult.
Well, it would if we didn't already have
a pretty good idea of
who was responsible.
Well, why don't you talk to them?
I am.
A witness saw you leaving
the security office at that time.
Care to explain what
you were doing there?
Oh, that's the thing about witnesses.
- They're very unreliable.
- Not always.
So you better have a
logical explanation.
Uh, well, what I mean to say
is your witness is mistaken.
I was in the lobby, yes,
but I was leaving the
ladies' room, not security.
You went down 10 floors for that?
Upstairs line was ridiculous,
and I had to pee.
Oh. You men don't have
that problem, do you?
There you go. That's why.
Oh, he took our witness so
she could flirt with him?
She's looking for Daddy.
Well, if you weren't
in the security room,
can you explain how your fingerprints
got on the computer keyboard in there?
No, I can't.
Maybe I'm being framed.
Who would want to frame you?
Not all the Warners are fans.
That's true, isn't it?
Your father-in-law made you
sign a prenup, didn't he?
Even though he didn't do it
for Kate or for Greg, either.
Seems there was something
uniquely wrong with you.
They're a bunch of elitist snobs.
The only nice one aside
from my husband was Kate.
Hmm.
How did you get along with the S.E.G.
employees, like Neil Oliver?
Very well.
I'm the wife of the
founding partner's son.
They all pretend to love me.
Are we done here?
For now.
We didn't get fingerprints
off that keyboard, right?
No, but she doesn't know that.
Salted caramel squares.
There it is. Right there.
Listen, um... Patrick
did something stupid.
Mm.
What is it this time?
He opened a $12 million line of credit
and leveraged it against an S.E.G. fund.
- That's fraud.
- I know, I know.
Our idiot brother committed
a felony buying houses.
B-but... Patrick doesn't even
know anything about real estate.
Why would he...
Unless this was Melanie's idea.
You know he'd do anything for her.
Not if he found out about her and Neil.
What about her and Neil?
I-it doesn't matter.
Listen, what... What does matter
is that Kate knew about the fraud, okay?
And if... If he confronted her...
You don't think that
Patrick killed Kate...
I don't want to think that. I can't.
But $12 million and fraud...
That's motive, right?
And... and either Melanie is
protecting him or she's in on it, too.
Protecting him how?
Melanie erased the security footage
from S.E.G. the night Kate was killed.
Okay.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves.
The two of them are definitely
involved in something,
but we don't know what,
so you need to talk to Patrick.
Where's Patrick?
- Not home.
- Hmm. How convenient.
I just saw Neil slithering away.
- Neil was looking for Patrick, too.
- Yeah, I'm sure he was.
Okay, I'm not gonna
fight with you, Eric.
You want to talk to your brother,
call him on his cell.
Stop. Stop.
Why did you erase the security
footage the night Kate died?
I have my reasons.
You can't prove anything,
and it's not illegal.
It is if it has to do
with my wife's death.
- Go home, Eric.
- No, I'm not giving up.
I'm gonna find out what you're up to.
Oh, all you'll do is
drive a bigger wedge
between you and Patrick.
You wanted a rift in the family,
well, you have one.
Where are we?
Same place as yesterday.
The vic was pushed off
the roof. No weapons.
I'm thinking it's a crime of passion
since it doesn't appear
to be premeditated.
The whole family was at the party.
You haven't eliminated any of them yet.
Because I can't.
It's hard to alibi someone at a party.
I'm swimming in suspects. What
I don't have is forensic evidence.
You have a print on that
planter from your crime scene.
It was a partial. It's useless.
What is it?
I'll be right there.
Everything all right?
Will you excuse me for a moment?
Jennifer's out of it
right now, but I'm told
she was pretty animated when
the uniforms picked her up.
- How did you know?
- One of the Unis is a buddy of mine.
He knows we're working together,
so he gave me a call.
What do you want to do?
There's not much choice.
Their incident report means
her parole's getting revoked.
There's no incident report.
You're police. She's your kid.
I didn't ask you to do this.
I know.
So, what do you want to do?
Thanks for bringing her home.
I don't think sending Jennifer
back to jail is the answer.
Four stints in rehab wasn't, either.
Well, she's going to meetings, Andrea.
She slipped.
I honestly don't know what to do.
I just don't want our daughter
to end up in the morgue.
This is Patrick. Leave a message.
Patrick, it's me. I'm at the office.
I didn't see your car here.
Call me back.
Eric, can you come in here, please?
Would you get Neil in here,
as well, May?
Good morning.
Either one of you want to
tell me what's going on?
Nothing's going on. He quit.
You made it impossible for me to stay.
What are you, 10?
If you guys don't want to be friends,
that's fine, but this is a business.
Neil is a good earner, and I'm not
gonna lose him to the competition.
So, work it out.
Today.
Detective. Do you have news?
I'm still waiting for that file
that your daughter promised me...
Eric's juvenile record from
the Steven Porter incident?
Right. Amanda asked me for that.
I couldn't find it in my office,
but I'll check at my house tonight.
You can send it to the
station tomorrow morning.
Okay, but you already know
everything about the case.
What could possibly be in
that file that's of interest?
It's hard to say what's of interest
until I have all the facts.
And if you could send your clothes
from the night of the party,
I'd appreciate it.
Why would you want my clothes?
We're asking all key witnesses.
I'm trying to find your
daughter-in-law's killer.
I assume you want to cooperate.
Of course.
Oh, one more thing.
Where were you this past week?
Out of town on business.
Mm.
Let's put this behind us, Eric.
We've been friends for a long time.
You keep lying to me,
and if it has nothing to
do with Kate's death,
I don't understand why.
Look, I came clean about the escort.
Everything else I did has been
to help you and your family.
How is screwing my sister
helping my family?
- Hmm?
- H-how did...
Look, I-it wasn't like that.
Okay. We can't do this.
Maybe we could talk.
What do you want to talk about?
I just...
Oh, God. Why are doing this to me?
You really want me to stop?
- Stop! That's my sister.
- Yeah, I'm sorry.
Do you really expect me to believe
that Amanda came on to you?
Well, I don't care what
you believe. It's true.
Why did Kate yell at you?
In the office? Really?
She's my sister-in-law.
Kate, she is a grown woman.
It's none of your business.
I'm not here to protect Amanda.
I see the way you look at her.
Whatever happened, it's not real.
Amanda will never love you back.
So... You're in love with Amanda.
Yeah.
My sister, Amanda Warner.
You're in love with her?
Yeah.
Why do you think none of
my marriages worked out?
- No one compares to her.
- Come on, Neil.
This is what you do.
For five minutes, they're the best
thing that ever happened to you.
This is different.
Look, I... I blew it
with her a long time ago,
way before Greg.
Amanda and I... We...
Were together once.
And I was stupid.
I played it off like it
didn't mean anything.
Look, this time I-I don't know.
I thought her marriage was over.
I was getting a second chance.
Guess I was wrong.
Wow.
Kate said you were sensitive.
What?
Look, I... I want to come back to work.
My father still runs the place,
and he wants you here, so...
I guess I have no choice.
The head of a multi-million-dollar
company has a flip phone?
I've never seen him use it.
Saint Mary's Cancer Center?
I-is that why your dad's
handing over the company?
Because he's sick?
Well, I couldn't find anybody to back up
Melanie Warner's claim,
but I did find out
there are two ladies'
room upstairs at S.E.G.
Well, we know she's lying. It's
the witness' word against hers.
Right. So we have nothing.
Thank you.
Did you just thank me for an update?
No.
You're welcome.
Crime lab called. John Patrick's
got something for you.
Well... There you go.
Dirt.
Evidence.
I found blood in that dirt.
And since there's no pre-impact
abrasions on your vic,
that blood belongs to the killer.
Which means that you were right.
I mean, the broken plant plus
the perimortem bruises...
It indicates a struggle
at the crime scene.
Tell me something I don't know.
Until you can match the blood to a
person, you've given me nothing.
It's my job to do the matching.
It's your job to find the person.
_
- What's up?
- Hey.
- You talked to Patrick?
- Not yet.
But I did find out
something interesting.
Neil? Really?
Okay, this is so none of your business.
You think I want to know about that?
He says he's in love with you.
And I am not in love with him, okay?
You sure about that?
Please tell me that this is not
the reason why you came here.
- I'm here about Dad.
- What, did he steal $50 million?
What's wrong?
I think he may have cancer.
- Wait, why do you think that?
- He's got a second phone,
- and a cancer center called him on it.
- Did you call them back?
W-what did you find out?
What did they say?
They won't say anything.
The place is in Georgia.
He's been going out of town a lot.
He says it's for business
meetings, but...
But you think he's getting treatment?
And hiding it to protect us.
- What's happened?
- Jennifer's gone.
What do you mean, gone?
She isn't answer her cell.
I went to her usual meeting,
but she didn't show up.
Well, maybe she's out with
friends or went to a movie.
No, I tried her friends.
No one's seen her.
She just relapsed,
and she's out there somewhere.
What do we do?
Got a sec?
Yeah.
I'm glad you both are here.
Come on in. Sit down.
You were right, Eric.
I made a lot of mistakes
when you were growing up.
I tried to be a good father.
You are a good father.
Not always.
You do everything right. You work hard.
You fall in love. You get married.
But sometimes, life just doesn't...
work out the way you expected.
Some things are better,
and some things you
just don't want to see.
So you don't until you're forced to.
With your mother,
I-I just didn't want to face
what was right in front
of me, and I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry to all of you.
Thank you, Dad.
Now, even though you kids are grown,
I'm just trying to stop you
from making my mistakes.
When I questioned Kate's intentions,
I was just being protective.
You... you still are.
You got a call from Saint
Mary's Cancer Center.
Dad...
do you have cancer?
W-what?
Do I have cancer?
Oh, the phone. No, I found
the phone in the bathroom,
and I'm holding onto it until
May can locate the owner.
No. Do I have cancer?
- Oh, thank god.
- Oh.
I didn't know what we would do.
No, no.
No, I'm afraid you're stuck with me.
Aww.
May, would you come in here, please?
What do you need?
Did you hear something about Tricoast?
No, not yet.
Any news on that phone?
Uh, which phone is that?
Uh, the flip phone. The one my
father found in the restroom.
I'm sorry. I-I don't know
what you're referring to.
My mistake.
Uh, I thought he spoke to you about it.
- Never mind.
- Okay.
Where are you?
Did you kill my wife?
No.
No. Of... of course not.
Listen, the bank called me to
follow up on your meeting.
I just wanted to explain
that line of credit. Eric!
Eric.
- Eric, I-I'm so sorry...
- Just tell me what happened.
Wow.
Right to it, huh?
Just like Dad.
You know, y-you two are a lot alike.
You set a goal, you achieve it.
It's easy for you.
I work hard for what I have.
Yeah, and I do, too,
only things don't happen for me.
I don't have your luck.
My luck?
Are you talking about my dead
wife, my stint in juvie,
or my brother who just committed fraud
and is about to destroy our company?
- Eric, I...
- What happened?!
I thought that I'd found
a great investment.
There are six houses
and four lots available
right on the course, and...
and what no one knows
is the PGA is about to certify.
That's confirmed?
Yeah, I got a guy.
Look, we're ahead of the
curve on this one, okay?
In three months,
the PGA makes an announcement
at a press conference,
and we sell for quadruple
our investment.
- That's big return.
- Yeah, and it's a sure thing.
There are no sure things, Patrick.
Yeah. This is.
Look, I can call my guy right now,
and we can set this up.
No.
- What?
- This isn't what we do.
We save failing companies. S.E.G.
doesn't deal in real estate.
We don't. It...
it doesn't mean that we can't.
When you have a company, you can.
My answer is no.
I knew that if you had gone to him,
he would have said yes.
- Not true.
- Yes, it is.
- He listens to you.
- Because I have a track record!
How am I supposed to prove what I'm
capable of if I'm not given the chance?
Would you stop with
the excuses, Patrick?!
It's your life! The only person
that gets in your way is you!
- You lied to Tricoast bank.
- No, they knew what the risk was.
They... they gave me that money.
They were happy to.
Then what happened?
PGA just changed their mind?
They were never gonna
sanction the course.
Turns out the developer
had started a rumor
in order to sell properties.
Everybody who bought in
went under... everyone.
And then Kate found out.
I know about the $12 million
line of credit at Tricoast.
Uh... We...
We bank with first premium.
Don't lie to me.
The bank statement is
locked in my desk drawer.
Nobody will find it.
I want to help you.
We can work this out.
With Eric?
For now, let's keep it between us.
Thank you.
Sometimes business risks don't pan out.
Save it. The only reason I'm helping you
is because I love Eric,
and this would kill him.
With everything they do for you,
how could you do this to
your brother and father?
You stole the statement
out of Kate's desk.
S-she was the only one who knew
about it, so I-I thought...
Patrick, Patrick.
You used an S.E.G.
fund to borrow $12 million.
Did you really think
no one would notice?
I was already fixing it.
Paying down the loan before
Kate even figured out about it.
How?! The properties went bust!
You had... you had no assets!
I...I had a buddy from school who...
Well, he had money to burn. He said
he would rent out one of the houses.
That's not a fix.
That's a drop in the bucket.
Yeah, it wasn't enough,
but it was covering the mortgages.
All right? It was only
a-a temporary plan
u-until I could figure
out a better solution.
I don't know that there is one.
If you had stolen the
money from me or Dad,
we could pay it back,
but this is bigger than that.
This is fraud.
I messed up.
I should have come to you.
I couldn't.
Especially not after I saw
what's going on in that house.
What's going on?
What are we doing?
That house, there.
Yeah, what about it?
There's a chance you'll
find Carly in there.
- You got any cash?
- Yeah.
Hang on to it.
Hey, we're here to party.
Come on.
Do you have an appointment?
I'm looking for Carly.
Private party. Get the hell out.
Get down on your knees. Get down.
Get his weapon. Come on.
Get his gun. Get his gun.
Down! Get down!
I'm looking for Carly!
Has anyone seen Carly?
Carly! Let me see his weapon.
- Carly.
- What the hell?!
- Hey!
Carly!
Hey, hey!
- Do you know Carly?
- No.
She lives here. Carly.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Come on. Carly's not here.
We got to go. Let's go.
Jen?
Maybe she came home.
Jennifer.
She's not here, Ethan.
We checked all her usual spots.
She's supposed to check in with her parole
officer. Maybe he'll know something.
But if we call and she didn't,
then they'll send her back.
I'm so sorry, Andrea.
I thought that if I supported her,
she'd have the strength to help herself.
If she doesn't want to,
you can't make her change.
Yeah, but... I didn't
have to help her fall.
This time's on me.
Hey, daddy.
Well, this is a nice surprise.
You coming from group?
I got a job.
A job?
I know. My recovery comes first,
but it's part-time in a shoe store.
- I got it through my sponsor.
- Well, that's great, Jen.
You're really turning things around.
I couldn't have done it without you.
I want to take you to
lunch to celebrate.
Okay. All right,
well, I'll wash up, and we'll go.
I'm proud of you.
When I left the room,
she must have stolen my samples.
I should have known.
Last time, it was my prescription pad.
Ethan.
That's the hardest part. You...
trusted her.
A slip isn't always a relapse.
Okay. Where the hell is she?
Don't know.
I thought she was getting better.
Do you remember when I was
teaching her how to ride a bike?
She fell over and over and over again.
- Until she didn't.
- She had to do it her own way.
I thought she was just doing
it her way, on her terms.
I still see her as our little girl
with her scraped knees
trying to ride that bike.
You didn't do this alone, Ethan.
All three of us played a part.
- That was a waste of time.
- No, not entirely.
So, why'd you think
Carly would be there?
My brother saw her coming out.
Y-your brother is a John?
No, Patrick owns the house.
- Patrick...
- He rents it out.
He didn't know what was going on there.
Right.
Right. Okay, Patrick
is an idiot sometimes,
but he would never do
something like this, okay?
He... he found out about it a
week ago, and I believe him.
No, I get it. You don't want to
think baby brother's a bad guy.
Because he's not!
He just got in way over his head, okay?
Eric, your buddy hired a pro
to take to your company party.
That girl just happens to live
in the whorehouse owned by your brother?
I didn't... He's lying to your face.
- I need to call this in.
- Please, just wait.
You get 10 more minutes.
10 more minutes.
- You want coffee?
- I want to put out a BOLO.
We can't just send her back to jail!
You think this is what I want?!
I want our daughter back!
She's out there somewhere.
The last six years
have been a nightmare.
We've done it your way
the last few hours, okay?
We can't wait.
I can't wait.
It's an unknown number.
Hello?
Jennifer.
Where are you, honey?
We'll be right there.
- Okay.
- Where is she? Where is she?
She checked herself into rehab.
Okay.
She's right in here.
I'll take that.
Jennifer will get this back
once we go through it.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
I messed up.
But then you made the right choice.
I'm proud of you.
I'm sorry if I got you in trouble. I...
I don't care about that.
I talked to my parole officer.
You did?
I'm tired.
I don't want to die.
And I'm not mad at you for...
For locking me up anymore.
I know you have to follow the law.
It wasn't about the law.
I'd rather have you hate
me than to lose you.
It's the only thing in
this world that scares me.
It terrifies me.
I didn't think you cared.
Of course I care.
I'm sorry I pulled away. I...
Every time that you get clean
and I have hope, I'm...
I'm not going anywhere.
Okay.
That's okay.
Here's the thing, Mr. Warner...
The people in the financial industry
generally believe that they're special,
that their legal situation is
uniquely and profoundly terrible.
- But they're wrong?
- Oh, no.
No, they're right.
But I'm a very good lawyer.
It's why people like you
need people like me.
So, what are the
implications of all of this?
Well, from everything
you've told me so far,
and I assume there's more,
because there always is,
you're looking at multiple charges.
- Starting with fraud.
- That's the least of it.
We're talking money laundering,
tax evasion, conspiracy...
and prostitution.
- I could go on.
- Just tell me exactly where we stand.
I'd say the entire S.E.G.
management strata,
including you, your father,
and your brother,
could all be charged on multiple counts.
The firm would be a thing of the past.
Even worse...
you could be on the hook for
some serious prison time.
Don't move, Oscar.
You found my wallet?
I did, so I know how much
trouble you're looking at.
That's a nice-looking
family you got there.
I imagine the missus
would be pretty torn up
to know that you've been eating out.
But that's nothing compared
to what they'll say at work,
Detective Reyna.
What do you want?
I'm looking for this girl right here.
You seen her?
Maybe once or twice.
I'm usually preoccupied.
You know, you're not giving
me a lot of options, Oscar.
But if you're willing to help me out,
here's what I'll do...
I won't destroy your family,
and I won't get you
thrown off the force.
What do you need me to do?
Who runs things on Mint Hill Drive?
Something new you want to accuse me of?
Not today.
I'm here to apologize.
You okay?
I haven't been okay in 19 days.
My wife is gone,
my sister's marriage is over,
my dad has cancer,
and my brother's in trouble.
So, no, Neil.
No, I'm not okay.
I spoke to Patrick.
I know none of this was you.
I... I really was trying to protect you.
From what?
I needed to know.
Kate had just been killed.
You've been trying to
hold everything together.
H-how was I supposed to tell you
that your brother's
wife runs a whorehouse?
What did you just say?
Synced and corrected by johnyd13
~ www.addic7ed.com ~
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org